floating action button does only one thing! it creates the New Todo/whatever pop dialog, which itself contains an option to set the type
j

 what is this: 08-10 01:34:37.301 1417-9758/? E/ActivityTrigger: activityResumeTrigger: not whiteListedcom.system2override.yoke/com.system2override.yoke.TodoManagement.TodoManagementScreen/1
how will editing a task work? long press on task?  

mvp
no quiz
no google syncing
no "here's your current app usage" wakeup call

wireup streaks thing so that the streak goes up/down if you've checked off everything

360 x 640p screen size

x change background of app icons on banned apps to dark sepia
x make database permanent file
x truncate text longer than 30 chars
x implement one-offs
x add dotted placeholder todo
x differential earn time

tutorial
nahhh too much work -- sort bad apps by usage time in the banned app screen
show app usage history only for bad apps
show avg daily use before hobbes and avg daily usage after hobbes
use all images of grampa
add complete streak screen

tutorial flow
welcome
how to
get permission
show phone usage history
select initial time
select apps
go to todo management screen


buy domain name
sai will find discount coodes
sai wix account

welcome screen text
Welcome!

Hobbes will help you control how much you use your phone, and get more done in the real world.

How it works
You'll choose the apps that you want to restrict your time on. For example, you might want to limit your time on Twitter. Every day, you'll start out with some minutes that you can spend on Twitter and other restricted apps. Once you run out, Hobbes will display your todo list. You can earn more time by doing todos.

First, though, Hobbes will need your permission to access usage stats. This is so Hobbes can tell when you've run out of time on a restricted app.
------
x fix adding banned apps bug
x make font size larger for welcome and how to screens, and need scroll indicator, make scrollable
x sai give me the tutorial dialog box (todo management screen)
x hamburger menu "view tutorial" will display banner again on todo management screen
x logo
x splash screen
x animation for new screens as they appear
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/26431017/how-to-achieve-right-to-left-animation-to-start-the-activity

x notification icon change
x remove Hobbes from list of bannable apps
x fix bug WTF pointed out?
  for the second screenshot, were you halfway through the onboarding when you exite and left?
  thanks so much for your time btw, this is very helpful and encouraging
  whiskeytangofoxtrot10/17/2018
  For the second screenshot I already completed the onboarding which was why I was confused when it was the first thing that came up upon tapping the app icon
domain name
submit to play store
work on copy
update color scheme once Sai's done with that
investgate freemium code
add toolbar to all screens
AfterHowTo should redirect to permissions screen if it hasn't been granted

say Hobbes at the top for onboarding screens, no icons except back button if applicable


---- 
website
top part is most basic value prop "never forget a todo again"
second part (bottom right) is the 3 words that capture the value that's delivered (with a description each)

14 days free, 4.99 as a one-time thing

------

email tristan harris
change next button

check out elevate--mind game puzzle app

fix onboarding text
put in graphic of two different kinds of todos into green pop up
after finishing recurring task for first time, have green pop up for streak information
after finishing one-off for first time, have green pop up for streak information
move "all tasks" to middle and make it default
website copy
add billing permission

email casey "leave asian parents behind"
"leave tech behind" video ideas

------
sift through links and summarize
